.TH googol 1 "December 14, 2019" "version v1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
googol \- a Conway's Game of Life implementation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B googol [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIGoogol\fR is a Conway's game of life that outputs the game generations as a GIF animation. You can play with it as a batch
game or play with its HTML version through a well-simple HTTPd.
.PP
\fI'Googol'\fR stands for \fIGoo\fRgol is yet another \fIG\fRame \fIo\fRf \fIL\fRife. However, the majority of gophers
prefer "\fIG\fRame \fIo\fRf Life err..\fIo\fRh! in \fIGo\fR\fIl\fRang"...

.PP
@=\\

.PP
You need to define the initial game state. It can be done by passing a set of option in form \fI--<n>,<n>.\fR,
where \fIn\fR denotes a coordinate at the game's board.
.PP
In order to outputs a GIF the shortest command is: 

_googol gif --0,1. --0,2. --0,3. > blinker.gif

.PP
In order to run its HTTPd an play with its web interface, the shortest command is: 

_googol httpd

.PP
A webserver at 'localhost:8080/googol' will be created. The webserver can be gracefully finished with
\fISIGTERM\fR or \fISIGINT\fR (ctrl + c).

.PP
The \fIgif\fR and \fIhttpd\fR commands accept a bunch of options. If you want to learn more give it a try
by running the command:

_googol help gif

    or

_googol help httpd

.PP
More technical information can be found in googol's documentation (MANUAL.txt or README.md).

.SH EXIT STATUS
If the execution succeeds \fIgoogol\fR returns zero, otherwise non zero values will be returned.

.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.TP
\fI/usr/local/share/googol/doc\fR (or equivalent in your system).
.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
https://github.com/rafael-santiago/googol
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago
